hello pretty rare unique
opportunity to show you benchmark ares
for the reason that firstly
bench in the butt is already out of production and
find a new such knife to get it
the future is becoming increasingly difficult however
they are in the secondary market
this is a big plus a great knife
mechanics basically enough
classic appearance i wouldn't say
what is something over here especially
supernatural in appearance by
all the characteristics I would say that it
just such an ordinary average knife
but it has a number of features that
he is loved for whom they buy him
first this is one of the best and our 10
for the reason that he has enough
high cutting edge length
the principle of optimal such dimensions and
champion let's immediately about them 200 is 8
millimeters total knife length 90
millimeters cutting edge length and such
about the same blade length
according to the weight of the knife then
there is in its dimensions it is quite so
currently working folding knife that can be
perform very many tasks 120 grams
exactly his weight is again quite himself
the weight that can be convenient and comfortable
worn on the pocket even for a long time
on a butt this knife has 2 and 8
millimeter and our reduced very very
subtly at least this instance
only 0 2 millimeters but maybe
in any case, the knife is very thin and
respectively
his cut is quite aggressive here
used decent steel 154 series
and as you can see at this
the copy uses an inscription or
Chiva is only because the standard lost
which is developing very interesting
design knives tactical handles
quite famous designer in his
Especially it is replaced by so much in years
he was fond of exactly
martial arts and knows how to
knife as it developed such a let's say so
a man who knows a lot about
martial art on the one hand
object side that knife is some kind of combat
knife large 10 misfired here
comfortable not too aggressive on him
glove with it does not bulge from such here
1010 lining is necessary on the copy
made interestingly red with black
but it is necessary to understand that the inscription
lose and in general it is this
copy here with a butterfly yet
which has not changed look you mustache
all that stuff
this 2001 may be 2002
however , I have already heard that from
the owners pressed that prices glorious blade
definitely these years on the other hand
the handle of the knife she seems to be in those
the years did not seem to be released there
later it turned out that there was such
the version that maybe the hilt was
all the same
or the handle covers have been replaced but I
really don't believe somehow in this
The version most likely is just such
exactly the model that came out why
because it is perfect to scold me
I do not think that you can rearrange one
knife on the other handle and she is so
Sits perfectly and here absolutely nowhere
nothing sticks out absolutely nowhere
nothing and even here note how
ests of all and is the lock pin
there he is it turns out that's him
extreme position on the one hand yes and
when we squeeze it
position in another in the other side but
when he
open position is somewhere
about the middle and he has enough
a big move on making
that is, the knife is all the more considering
he was the first shooting range 2 years it still as
would serve and serve the occasion of working out not
there is absolutely nothing about
backlash there is no backlash can be
the most the most minimal is i'm not here
sure about saying what to say
what's great here
smoothness that is the knife falls under
its own weight
well it's hard right here perfect
indicator yes but there shaking it then
there is a knife under your weight here goes out and
he has excellent mechanics
it fits perfectly
quietly so that's literally just
unfolds very gently
walks smoothly surprisingly what is not here
it is visible that there were washers
some kind of brass bronze so that they
were from non-ferrous metal to impression
that they are made of steel but not even
you can see that they were made of PTFE
that is surprising that here washers
it would be nice to make out from the knife on this
case he is not mine I still disassemble
I will not be in this version but I think
maybe the owner will tell more about
what are the pucks in the end clip
swapped to the other side for
right-handed for left-handed our principle is completely
symmetrically it is of course also big
plus for left-handed what disi knife it can be
wear and use comfortably enough
By and large, nothing beyond
nothing special about design
on top of amazing just in the details
thought out in small things right
collected in small things correctly
fitted know here is such a knife which
on the one hand it does not produce
wow effect yes it's all the same no no no
Such a knife as here is makro so taxi
stayed before that here immediately shaft that is
there is a machine that is so special
wedge yes in the form of such karambit there
the thickness of the butt materials all that
other
there is no such effect here but with
the other side
knife exactly how everyday knife like
working knife he is really very good
and say that we have a lot and 10
knives that would be so and
balanced in their characteristics
there is practically no such
wonder why the bench took it off
Model with production can be considered
that same torrent up is like 5
so another lock torrent I would not
said that in this case, as it were better
better still axis because it
so let's say a special trick
bench maida and she does not work much
good very secure lock
but it's better for me than liner
lock and at least click on the stump
than i would prefer them more
brand lock here are such thoughts
same smoothness beautiful general if
want to buy yourself
essay but what is really worth turning
attention to this model and here
it is surprising that they will have to take now
only with hands a couple of years ago he
released on forex sold means
exclusive version ie latest
such a version that is, it became steel 390
black g10 on the hilt in general there was
knife coated and without that there is such
unlimited release was limited and
already there at the end for the removal of the knife
completely from production now stands
now find only the term but the model
interesting and still deserves
your attention thank you oleg for
giving a knife for review thanks
Subscribers per view bye